ISK WARNING

The client must acknowledge that when trading in the financial markets with leveraged instruments such as Contract for Differences (CFD’s), there are always potential financial risks as well as a high degree of risk and may not be suitable for everyone. Before deciding to trade in this market the client should carefully consider his/her financial condition , level of experience and risk appetite.

The client must educate himself and make himself aware of all the risks involved and seek advice from an independent financial advisor should he/she has any doubts. The possibility exists that the client should sustain a loss of some or all his/her initial investment and therefore he/she should not invest money that he/she cannot afford to lose.

By making use of the services of this website and/or engaging in such trading activities as a result thereof, the client is deemed to have undertaken the said reasonable efforts in making himself/herself aware of all such risks involved.

The client is therefore informed that any indication of past performance of the forex signals that we as a company offer or simulated past performance included in an advertisement published by us and/or future performance is not a reliable indicator of future results.

The client therefore acknowledges that any opinions, news, analysis, prices, or any other information contained on this website is presented as market comments and does not constitute any form of investment advice or any other type of advice and/or recommendation whatsoever.

We as a company and any of our affiliates, agents and/or licensors bear no responsibility for any losses and/or damages including, but not limited to, loss of profit that can arise directly or indirectly from usage of or dependence on such information.

Furthermore, we as a company do not take into consideration the client’s personal goals and/or targets, his/her financial situation and/or needs.

Any view, comment and/or other information on our website exists for the sole purpose of general information and in no case does it represent advice and/or recommendation of any kind and/or encouragement of any type towards any transaction whatsoever.

As such, reliance on such information is done only at the client’s own risk and we shall not accept liability for any losses whatsoever arising therefrom.
